Availity Assignment
Gabriel Pridham
   
1. Tell me about your proudest professional achievement.  It can also be a personal or school project. 

        My proudest achievement is when my team won first place in our internet programming class. 
    In the internet programming class, we were each divided into random groups of about 4 people total. 
    This class was one of my last classes and I wanted to try hard and put together all my knowledge and 
    test my skills with working with a team. I took the initiative to come up with a project idea and a 
    plan that my team liked. The plan was to make a website that showcased all the pokemon data. Just a 
    simple website that has pokemon cards with their picture in front and when the card is clicked it displays 
    the pokemon's information on the backside. I was proud of this project for a few reasons. One reason was 
    that I was able to successfully get everyone on the team to contribute, I found it a challenge in school 
    to get everyone in a group to do their fair share. I was able to accomplish this by using Trello to keep 
    track of everything we needed to do and using Slack to keep in communications about any trouble or help. 
    I was able to talk with my teammate about strengths and weaknesses and get a better idea of how they can 
    best contribute to the project. Another reason was that the product turned out just as we envisioned in 
    the beginning. The last reason was that when it came time for show-and-tell, each student in the class 
    had 3 votes to give out, and in the end, our project received the most votes.


2. Tell me about something you have read recently that you would recommend and why. (Can be a Github Repo, Article, Blog, Book, etc)

        A book that I read recently and would recommend is a book called "Trading in the Zone" by Mark Douglas. 
    Earlier this year I decided to get into investing as I thought it was the perfect opportunity to start investing 
    in the market.While the book is targeted more towards people who are investing in the market, the book teaches 
    valuable lessons that reach far beyond just the markets. The book centers around the psychology around investing 
    and getting people into the right state of mind to have an objective view in making the decisions to invest. 
    While there isn't anything revolutionary in the book, Mark Douglas wrote his thoughts in a manner that puts many 
    ideas together in a more impactful way. The book emphasizes the importance of having a good attitude and taking 
    responsibility. While this book can help mentally prepare you for trading in the market, it has helped me in other 
    aspects of my life such as my career. The book overall challenges my attitude by taking a deeper look at how I think. 
    It also teaches me to have confidence in my knowledge and plan of action.

3. How would you explain what Availity does to your grandmother? 

        Availity makes software that makes it easier for healthcare works to help you get your payments settled.
    It first helps you by allowing the healthcare worker to give you details on insurance eligibility all the
    way until your payment is settled. They also help make things easier for you by lowering the risk that your 
    insurance claim will be denied and overall claims management tools that makes life easier for healthcare works.
